{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11940\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab1304
\pard\pardeftab1304\ri-386\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Test 1 Main screen layout - Restaurant button\

\b0 Step 1:\ulnone  Click on the Restaurant button.  \

\i\b Expected
\i0\b0 : User is taken to the Result activity, displaying a list with all the Restaurant.\
As a user I can press the Restaurant button, and then se a list of different Restaurants\\\
\ul Step 2\ulnone : Go back from the Restaurant list to the main screen     		\

\i\b Expected
\i0\b0 : When User is taken back to the main activity which shows all the "category" buttons and the favorite button.\
\
- As a user I can press the Back "button", and go back to the main screen\
----------------------------\
\

\b \ul Test 2: Main Activity -  Attraction button\

\b0 \ulnone \
\ul Step 1\ulnone : Click on the Attractions button.  \

\i\b Expected
\i0\b0 : User is taken to the Result activity, displaying a list with all the Attractions.\
\
\ul Step 2:\ulnone  Click on "go back" .     		\

\i\b Expected
\i0\b0 : User is taken back to the main activity that shows all the "category" buttons and the favorite button.\
\
As a user I can press the Back " button ", and go back from the screen populating a list if different attractions to the main screen\
----------------------------\
\

\b \ul Test 3: Main Activity - Shopping button\

\b0 Step 1\ulnone : Click on the Shopping button.  Expected: User is taken to the Result activity, displaying a list with all the Shopping.\
\
\ul Step 2\ulnone : Click on the "go back".     		\

\i\b Expected
\i0\b0 : User is taken back to the main activity that shows all the "category" buttons and the favorite button.\
 - As a user I can press the Back button, and go back to the main screen\
\
----------------------------\

\b \ul Test 4 Main Activity- Hotel button\

\b0 Step 1\ulnone : Click on the Shopping button.  Expected: User is taken to the Result activity, displaying a list with all the Hotels.\
\ul Step 2\ulnone : Click on the "go back" .     		\
Expected: User is taken back to the main activity which shows all the "category" buttons and the favorite button.\\\
\

\b \ul Test 5: Click on the Favorite button.  \

\i \ulnone Expected
\i0\b0 : User is taken to the Result activity, displaying an empty list ( if first time app is running), otherwise , list is showing results\
\
\ul Step 2: Click on the "go back" \

\i\b \ulnone Expected
\i0\b0 : User is taken back to the main activity that shows all the "category" buttons and the favorite button.\
\
- As a user I can press the Back button, and go back to the main screen.\
\

\b \ul Test 6 and test 7: Enabling and disabling  favorites\

\b0 \ulnone \
\ul Step 1\ulnone : Click on any of the items showing on the result activity screen. \

\i\b Expected
\i0\b0 : When clicking on one of the items being display, the user is taken to the detail screen for that one item that the user clicked on  \
\
\ul Step 2\ulnone : Click/press on the favorite button in the right corner at the bottom of the screen (the heart icon). \

\i\b Expected
\i0\b0 : If first time user clicks the heart icon for that item, a "pop-up" text should be displayed, showing a text "added to favorite". The icon should also change from empty "pink red" to pink red solid. If the user has added that item to favorites before, clicking the heart button should display a text " removed from favorites" and the icon should change from a pink red solid heart to a "pink red".\
\

\b \ul Test 8: Result activity - Searching .  
\f1 \
\

\f0\b0 Step
\b  
\b0 1
\b : 
\b0 \ulnone User clicks on the Search icon in the right top corner (above the list of category items)\
\pard\pardeftab1304\ri-386\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Expected
\i0 : A text box for user input appears and a keyboard is being displayed on the screen.
\f1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab1304\ri-386\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Step 2 \ulnone User enters a Letter in the search box and presses enter.\
\pard\pardeftab1304\ri-386\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\i \cf0 Expected
\i0 : A list if objects that has the letter in its name shows ( searching only occurs within the category that the user is currently "in" .\
\pard\pardeftab1304\ri-386\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}